Add better doc for secrets (#3)
OpenTermsArchive/template-declarations: templates/README.md

- ...

> ## Deployment

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be in the template README, not in the resulting README? 🤔

Author: My first thought was that settings were more to be put after the configuration of the whole repo because it would be lost after init

Let me know what you prefer then

Reviewer: I feel that the README of the resulting repo will be targeted at contributors and reusers of the declarations, who will not be concerned with continuous deployment of the updates.

> For deployment to occur correctly, you need to setup [Github secrets](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets) with the following names

Reviewer: Let's assume that the reader has a Free or Pro plan for GitHub, not an Enterprise Cloud plan 🙂

```suggestion
For continuous deployment on your server, you need to define the following variables as [GitHub secrets](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/encrypted-secrets#creating-encrypted-secrets-for-a-repository):
```

> - `SERVER_FINGERPRINT` Generate it on the target server with `ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -C "$email" and then cat $nameofthefile.pub >> authorized_keys`
> - `SERVER_SSH_KEY` Generate with `ssh-keyscan -H $targetServerIpAddress`

Reviewer: Looks like the two names got their definitions reversed 😉

Let's make the key setup as simple as possible. I'm not sure I understand why we would need the email as a comment to the key 🤔 

```suggestion
- `SERVER_FINGERPRINT`: obtained with `ssh-keyscan -H $serverAddress`.
- `SERVER_SSH_KEY`: a private SSH key allowed to connect to your server.

> You can for example generate one on your server with `ssh-keygen -q -N "" -f ~/.ssh/ota-deploy && cat ~/.ssh/ota-deploy.pub >> authorized_keys`, and store the contents of `~/.ssh/ota-deploy` as the `SERVER_SSH_KEY` secret.
```

Author: Sure, I usually create keys like this but we can remove it

Reviewer: It's just that if we mention a `$email` variable, we have to explain what it is and to what it should be set.
